Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Right now, terrorists are plotting
to assassinate a presidential candidate.
My wife and daughter have been targeted.
And people that I work with
may be involved in both.
I'm Federal Agent Jack Bauer...
...and today is the longest day of my life.
Listen up, people. Listen up.
Alexis Drazen was leaving here
for a meeting.
At this meeting,
he was going to make a payoff.
Somewhere in this room, there is money.
I want it found. I want it found now.
Elizabeth cannot be
held responsible for this.
Senator, I don't disagree with you.
But we have a video of her
stabbing a man with a letter opener.
- You got her into this.
- No, sir, I did not.
I did not ask her to stab Alexis Drazen.
I misjudged her ability
to handle this operation...
...and, as I said before,
I will do everything I can to help her.
I know you're just trying to protect me.
Senator, I understand
the situation that you're in...
...but I do not need to remind you
there are at least 2 suspects at large.
Sir, please, I implore you...
...have as much security around you
as you can tolerate...
...and let us do our job.
- Keep me posted.
- Yes, sir. I promise I will.
- Bingo.
- Found it!
What?
Bearer bonds.
As good as cash and easier to move.
You got the address of the restaurant yet?
California Plaza.
It's about 20 minutes from here.
Good.
How are you going to pull this off,
pretending to be Alexis?
I don't know yet.
Hey, Jay.
Jay, come here. Give me your shirt.
I'll go with you,
coordinate your backup.
Fine.
What's the update
on Bauer's family?
Still missing.
Anything back from forensics yet?
Well, based on preliminary reports...
...the agents were killed
protecting the women.
We have to find the wife and daughter.
I alerted the task force at District.
Why don't you call and see if
they need anything from us?
All right.
Tony, still no word to Jack
on any of this, understand?
What do you want me to tell him
if he calls and asks?
You're working on something else...
...and put him through to me, okay?
What are you guys looking for?
Whoever Dan worked for might have
Information about my mom.
The guy who was in charge, Gaines...
...I never met him before.
Dan knew him.
Maybe his number is here.
What are you going to do,
call him and ask for your mom back?
Any information I find,
I'm going to give it to the police.
You hear that, Rick?
She's going to call the police.
That's okay with you?
You said you didn't trust the police.
Whatever. I'll give it to my dad.
Dan'll go ballistic when he finds out
you've been going through his stuff.
You didn't tell her Dan is dead?
Not yet. I didn't want to freak her out.
Dan's brother Frank
is on his way here...
...and I don't want him to know.
Don't say anything, okay?
Okay.
This is such a waste of time.
We're never going to find anything.
I don't even know why I came.
You're married...
...and you have a daughter named Kimberly.
- I have a daughter?
- Yes.
A teenage daughter.
You and Jack, you were separated
about six months ago...
...and that's when we met.
Who are you?
I'm a friend.
A very good friend...
...who wanted to be a lot more.
But...
You were afraid to start
a relationship, so we didn't.
Then you decided
to go back with your husband.
Maybe it was because of Kimberly.
I don't know.
But you asked me not to call,
and I haven't.
But I don't remember any of this.
We need to get you
to a hospital, have you looked at.
Why do we have to go?
You said you were a doctor.
I'm a surgeon.
You need to see a neurologist.
You've suffered a trauma.
- I don't want to go to a hospital.
- Why not?
I don't know, I just don't want to.
What if I examined you here?
Okay.
There is some physical evidence
in George Ferragamo's office...
...that leads directly to you.
Subtle enough so the fire marshals
didn't find it the first time around.
But with a little help, they'll find it.
So I'll be framed
for Ferragamo's murder?
Like I said, whatever it takes.
I don't know
what you think you've got here.
What we've got is a tape of Carl Webb...
...admitting that he set my son
up for murder.
It's been a while
since I've practiced law...
...but I know that unless Keith
was sanctioned by a court order...
...and prepped by an authority,
this is not evidence.
I've been in politics long enough to know...
...that if the media gets a hold
of this tape...
...the truth will come out.
No.
Today can't be about two things.
It's either about...
...winning the primary,
securing the party nomination.
Or it's about...
...a political scandal,
but it can't be about both.
Destroy the tape.
What?
If you don't, not only
will you bring down yourself...
...but you'll bring the party down with you.
How do I do that?
Because you'll win today.
You'll have enough delegates by 8:00.
You are the Democratic Party's
candidate for president...
...whether you like it or not...
...and if you decide to self-destruct...
...it will take years
for the party's platform to recover.
Why don't we let the electorate
decide on that.
I don't consider telling the truth
self-destructive.
And how bad will it be for the Democrats...
...if somebody else comes out
with this first...
...and I have to go on the defensive?
What do you think, Mike?
I've seen much uglier stories
kept under wraps.
The only people
who know about this tape...
...are the people in this room and Keith.
This wouldn't be a difficult item to shelve.
And besides, this is currency.
Once you're in the White House,
this could protect you.
- How?
- Think about it.
You'll have evidence against...
...some of the most powerful men
in the country.
They won't be able to control you.
Tony, it's Jack.
How's everything going there?
Fine.
I need to speak to Mason.
He's not in his office.
He's down on the floor.
Let me transfer you.
Okay, wait, before you do...
Have you spoken to Teri yet?
No, I haven't.
Give me the number
of the safe house. I'll call there.
Look, let me see if I can get that for you.
Hang on a second.
- What's up?
- Jack's on the phone for you.
Okay.
He wants the number of the safe house.
Of course he does.
Why don't you just
tell him what happened?
Why is this so hard for you to comprehend?
The man is neck-deep in an investigation.
He has a job to do. Let's let him do it.
When he's back in a controlled
environment, we'll tell him.
Meanwhile, we have a job to do.
I got to say, I just think it's wrong.
It's not about right and wrong.
It's about the fact
that we have to protect Palmer.
He's on Line 2.
Jack, it's me. Where are you?
- We're going to a meet.
- What kind of meet?
Alexis was supposed to make a payoff.
- Payoff to who?
- I'm not sure yet.
So what are you going to do?
Pretend to be Alexis.
You're never going to pull that off.
Alexis was supposed to pay this guy
$50,000 in bearer bonds.
You have to work with me on this.
I need backup. Milo's got the address.
We should be there
in about 15 minutes.
You keep this guy in play, we got a
chance of bringing these guys down.
Or you can wait
for Alexis to come to if he does.
By then, this thing could be over.
All right, I'll go along.
I'll send you a team.
Thank you.
Can you pass me back to Tony?
He was going to give me
the number for the safe house.
Yeah. I just spoke to Paulson over there.
He said the girls are sleeping.
Okay, get them to call me back
at my cell when they wake up.
Definitely.
Thank you.
Mason's on board.
That's good.
So what else did Teri say?
She didn't say much.
When she guessed you'd been seeing me,
she didn't want to talk to me.
Not that I blame her.
I couldn't finish the debrief,
so I left and let Paulson do it.
Maybe that was a mistake.
No, you did the right thing.
This is my fault, I should've told her.
Seems she didn't want to talk.
Doesn't matter, I should've told her.
Jack, from what I could see...
...she really loves you
and wants to work it out.
Maybe you want to call her
and see how she is.
I tried, Mason said they were sleeping.
Why don't you call Paulson,
see if they're up yet?
It's not going through.
Might be the area.
Try again when we get to the plaza.
I'm really sorry about all this.
Yeah, me, too.
Hanlin.
Come on, guys, do what you can.
At least try to find somebody else.
Yeah.
I need some extra bodies
to help track Teri and Kim Bauer.
I don't know.
I don't see anyone
doing crossword puzzles down there.
My hands are a little tied
without Nina here.
Because Nina's with Jack, right?
Yeah.
She says it's over between them.
What do you think?
What?
I'm just asking.
I mean, you got to be
wondering yourself, right?
Hey, Almeida, I'm on your side.
Nina ought to be here now.
Why does Jack need her?
You're busting your ass...
...because she took a ride with him.
If that works for you, great.
You know what works for me?
You keeping out of my personal life.
There's entirely too much personal
business going on around here.
I want to get this place back on track.
It seems to me Nina Myers
is a big part of the problem.
How do you figure that?
She covers for everyone
that doesn't follow code.
Everyone who doesn't follow code
covers for her.
She's with Jack, she's with you.
You don't think that's relevant?
You don't think that's a distraction?
No, I don't.
No, you don't. Well, I do.
Patty said you want to talk to me.
Yeah, sit down. Close the door.
What's up?
Before I make my decision
about giving this tape to the DA...
...I wanted to talk to you.
Okay.
I wanted you to understand
what you're up against.
I understand. I'm ready to go.
No. Listen to me.
We're going to the press...
...with a story about some
bad men committing murder...
...and trying to frame you.
But these men are going
to shift the attention to you...
...and your involvement
with Lyle Gibson's death.
Ultimately, they're going
to make this about you.
On television, in the press,
everywhere you go...
...you're going to be accused
of a crime you did not commit.
- Can you live through that?
- Yes, I can.
Don't just say it.
Think about it.
Dad...
...what do you think
I've been living through?
Not just today, but for years.
I made a mistake.
I was wrong to go to Mom and Carl.
I should've come forward right away...
...taken my hits right then and there.
But I was scared.
Well, that's what you learn.
It's okay to be scared.
What I said last night...
...about you not being there...
...it's not true.
It's what I told myself...
...so I can blame you for my screw-up.
Doesn't matter why you said it.
Fact is, there's some truth to it.
I haven't always been there.
But I'm here now.
- Jovan.
- Yes, Andre?
I can't find Alexis.
Have you heard from him?
No.
He's meeting Morgan in 20 minutes.
We must talk.
I don't know, Andre...
...I've got my own situation to deal with.
- Still no sign of the women?
- I'll find them.
You checked the hospitals?
I checked everywhere.
I don't need you looking over my shoulder.
I'll find them and kill them.
Don't worry about it.
Calm down, Jovan.
And don't tell me not to worry.
Just tell me how you plan to find them.
I'm going to the Bauer house.
Eventually someone will show.
- My aunt isn't there.
- Is there anyone else?
I've tried everyone I can think of.
No one's heard from my mom.
Rick, we got things to do.
She's got to go.
What kind of things?
You'll find out when Frank gets here.
What's that supposed to mean?
Kim's in trouble. I got to help her.
Yeah, and we'll be in trouble, too.
Look, she has to leave.
That's fine.
Kim, wait.
Wait.
I just need to talk to her
and then she'll go.
- Where will you go?
- I don't know.
A park my parents said to go
in case of an emergency.
Maybe she's there.
Why don't you go home?
No. The people that are after us
probably know where I live.
If she's safe, she's won't go there.
How are you going to get there?
I don't know.
Can I borrow your car?
It's not mine, it's Melanie's.
Wait a minute.
Here. Take this.
You can get a cab
a couple blocks down the street.
Are you sure you can't come with me?
After last night, I got to lay low.
They'll be looking for me.
I still think you should turn yourself in.
It's not that bad.
You helped us escape.
I'm on probation.
They catch me, I'm going to prison.
It doesn't matter what you
or your folks say.
I wish we would've met before this.
So do I.
Are you going to be okay?
Yeah.
I wouldn't be alive if it wasn't for you.
You wouldn't be in trouble
if it wasn't for me.
That's not true.
Dan would've found someone else.
Hey, Rick.
Hey.
How did it go last night?
Went fine.
Yeah?
Doesn't look fine.
What happened to you?
Nothing, I'm okay.
Hey, Dan!
Dan!
Go, just leave.
- Grab a cab on 4th.
- I know.
- Where's my brother?
- He's out.
- Out where?
- We got separated.
- Where's the money?
- He's got it.
- I should get going.
- Where are you going?
- What do you mean?
- I don't know you.
- My name's Kim.
- Hi, how do you know Rick?
She's a friend from San Diego.
She's got to get back home.
- She's not going.
- What's that mean?
My brother and my money aren't here
and I don't know her.
- She's a friend...
- I understand...
...but I got business here
in half an hour.
Until Dan gets back
with the money, nobody leaves.
The teams will be
in hidden positions...
...here, here, here and here.
- And communications?
- I'll be on the same channel.
Exits?
They'll be covered,
but I'll double up with one here...
- ... at the widest exit.
- Okay, good.
Yeah.
Jack, you all set up?
Yeah. Are the teams in place?
That's what I wanted
to call you about.
Hanlin's running backup.
- What?
- Hang on.
I'm sure it will be fine.
Just avoid a confrontation.
Damn it, how could you let this happen?
Look, Jack, I'm sorry.
I just found out.
Division made the assignment.
Okay, fine. I'll deal with it.
- I don't believe this.
- What?
Teddy Hanlin's in charge of backup.
Seth Campbell's old partner?
- Yeah.
- Great.
Who are you calling?
The safe house. I want to be sure
Teri and Kim are all right.
No one's picking up.
You sure this is the number?
It's the number Paulson gave me.
Why can't I get through?
Jack.
Hey, Jack. I haven't seen you
since you put my partner away.
Teddy, don't start.
Teddy, is your team in place?
Yeah, we're not up here
shopping for Dockers.
I heard you screwed up today.
I guess some people have connections...
...and don't get spanked
when they break the law.
The guy we're looking for
is wearing a red cap.
That's all we know about him.
I'm going to stay visible,
hopefully draw him to me.
No one makes a move
until I give the word, is that clear?
Yeah. It's your show.
Just make sure you stay put when you do.
I always get a bit nervous...
...about target confusion,
and I'd hate to see...
...one of the good guys
go down by mistake.
Teddy, let's get started, okay?
Hey.
I don't want a problem on this.
Hey, I got a call from the Rampart Division.
They got a report that a woman
matching Teri's description...
...was seen in Griffith Park.
It's not far from the safe house.
- Where is she?
- She disappeared.
I'll get on the satellite uplink.
Get someone posted at the Bauer house.
Williams should be there in minutes.
Good work.
I don't like what I'm seeing.
Looks like you've been roughed up
by someone.
Do you think maybe that I hit my head?
That that's why I can't remember?
That's just it.
There's no evidence of a head injury.
Except for your memory loss,
you're coherent.
Beside the bruises,
do you have any other pain?
Yeah.
Something's been bothering me,
sort of here.
Oh, my God.
What do you think happened to me?
I don't know.
But I think you have a condition.
It's called disassociative amnesia,
and it can happen...
...to someone when they suffer
an intense emotional trauma.
Now, we need to get you to a hospital...
...so they can figure out what's going on.
No, I don't want to do that.
I can't explain it,
but for some reason I just...
I don't want to go to a hospital.
I have this gut feeling
that it would be dangerous...
How could it be dangerous?
I'd be by your side the entire time.
Come on, it'll be fine.
No, I don't want to go.
We can't stay here.
You need to get checked out.
Neural damage
could become permanent...
...if it's not treated right away.
No, I don't want to go.
I don't want to go.
I don't want to go to the hospital.
Please don't make me go.
I can't do it.
I'm sorry, but I can't do that.
- I don't want to go to the hospital.
- Okay.
I can't go.
- Please, Phil, just take me home.
- Okay, it's okay.
Right. I heard.
No, we did much better
in New York than we thought.
Oh, yeah, definitely.
Oh, yeah, that'll make him very happy.
Oh, I think so, too.
The DNC, they'll really milk it.
Yeah.
Well, I...
I'm not sure, but...
Well, that's good, though.
No, I spoke to Chris. I told him we'd be
in Baltimore If we won New York.
Right.
Yeah. Jerry?
Jerry, listen. I got to run.
We'll touch base
in a couple of hours, okay?
Well, how are Beth and the girls?
That's terrific.
All right. Bye-bye.
Patty.
Do you know where David went?
Just down to the conference room.
He and Mike are meeting
with the publicist.
Did he say how long he'd be?
He didn't say.
It shouldn't be more than 15 to 20 minutes.
Okay.
Did you hear about New York?
Yeah. Isn't it great?
There you are.
- Jerry's on the line.
- I'm busy.
- He said he just wanted to...
- Well, I'm busy, Patty.
Tell him I'll call him back.
Okay.
Come on, Dan.
- Where's Keith?
- I don't know.
I heard you two had a talk.
Yes, we did.
You should talk to him, too.
Really? Well, about what?
We're putting him in a tough place.
He's going to need our support.
No, David.
You're the one
who's put him in a tough place.
As for needing us...
...our baby left the nest a long time ago.
I don't think he cares
to hear what I have to say.
That's ridiculous.
Speak to him, Sherry.
I destroyed it.
You destroyed the tape?
And I know you're going to be angry...
...but it had to be done.
You have blinders on.
You're not seeing this thing very clearly.
It's for the best.
It breaks my heart...
...that I was right.
Right...
...about what, David?
That wasn't the real tape, Sherry.
I've learned that I don't know you
as well as I thought I did.
I had to see just how far
you were willing to go.
I will do anything...
...to protect my family, David.
Anything.
Does that make me a bad person?
I want you to set up a press conference.
- When?
- Now.
We've got one coming up
in less than three hours.
I want this one within the hour.
- Where?
- Downstairs.
I don't want anything to interfere
with what I have to say.
I'm on Channel 1. Do you copy?
I hear you, Jack. The signal's good.
Where are you posted?
Just under the east entrance,
right under the bridge.
Good.
How about you, Teddy?
My teams are in position.
Okay, I got you.
You're blocking my view.
Take a couple of steps back.
How's that?
There you go. Perfect shot.
Okay.
There you go, ma'am.
Thank you.
You're a very sensitive guy, Jack.
I've never seen that side of you.
Drop it, Teddy. We're working.
Jack can walk and chew gum
at the same time.
Can't you, Jack?
What do you want?
Nothing. It's just that
we're both so busy...
...we never really get a chance to talk.
Did you hear
about Seth Campbell's wife, Judy?
No. What about her?
She hung herself.
Yeah. Happened a couple of weeks ago.
I guess you didn't get the memo?
It was a real tragedy.
She didn't even leave a note.
I guess she thought
it was kind of obvious...
...trying to raise four kids
with a husband in prison...
...and no pension. Because why, Jack?
You busted him for lining his pocket
with a few extra dollars?
Look, I am sorry about Judy...
...and I'm sorry about his kids,
but this is not the time.
That's right, you're busy.
Can this wait, Teddy?
Of course.
I just thought it would be nice...
...to, you know, catch up
while we're hanging.
Teddy, I understand why you're upset.
If you want, when this is over,
I'll be happy to talk with you...
...and tell you my side of the story.
I'd really like to hear your side
of the story, Jack.
Why don't we go to a Starbucks...
...get a couple of cappuccinos
and we can have a little chin-wag?
CTU. Mason.
- George, we have a problem.
- What's that?
Teddy's on the open channel hassling Jack.
He's got a rifle
and this place is crawling with people.
It's too late to swap him out.
This is going down soon.
We have to do something.
- What channel are you on?
- Channel 1.
Hang on.
Yeah.
Want to conference me in
on Channel 1?
Sure.
Hanlin, it's Mason.
What's the matter with you?
You got a problem with Jack, bury it.
You realize how many agents
we've lost today?
You're in an uncontained area.
We don't know what we've got.
So let's get on the same page now.
Yes, sir.
- Jack, you okay?
- Yeah.
Okay. Let's get back to work.
Hello?
Yeah, man, it's cool. He'll be here.
CTU, this is Williams.
I've arrived at the Bauer house.
Checking perimeter.
Is this my neighborhood?
Not quite.
We'll be there soon.
Rick says he and Dan got separated.
No, he'll be here soon.
He knows we need the cash by 7:00.
- What happens when Dan doesn't show up?
- I don't know.
I'm not going to tell him his brother's dead.
Why not? You didn't do it.
He's going to find out.
Not from me.
What?
I don't understand.
Neither do I. Doing this deal is suicide.
I'm not talking about the deal.
I'm talking about you.
What do you mean?
You have so much going for you.
You're smart, you're good-looking,
you're funny.
How did you end up like this?
- I'm doing all right.
- All right?
You're wanted by the police.
You got shot in the arm.
Your friends you hang out with
are criminals.
Do you really want to end up here?
I do the best I can.
I didn't grow up like you did.
That's just an excuse.
I have a friend named Todd.
He went through two foster homes.
He got a scholarship to Stanford now.
Good for Todd.
Why didn't you go to his house?
He can't help me find my mom.
Neither can I.
Look, I know you're right.
If I get the chance,
I'll turn myself around.
But this thing is what it is.
We have to find a way to get through it.
Get through it? This is crazy.
You can't let Frank make a drug deal
without any money.
We're not going to get through this.
We'll get stuck in the middle of it.
You've got to talk to him.
Hey, stud. Think fast.
Thanks.
So, what deal?
We're going to take the $20,000
you made last night and buy some ecstasy.
- Dan didn't tell you?
- No.
I'll flip it to these guys from Redondo.
They'll pay $50,000 for it.
What happens if Dan doesn't show up?
Hey.
If Dan says he'll be here, he'll be here.
Someone get these kids out of here.
Station 1, that's you.
Roger. I'm on it.
Hold up. I think I got him.
Hey.
Alexis?
Yeah.
I told you, inside the restaurant.
We're doing it out here.
Why?
There's a cop inside the restaurant.
Come on, let's get this over with.
Fine.
Where's the money?
First, let's go over it again.
Over what?
What you're supposed to do for me.
At 7:20 tonight, I'm going to shut down
the power on Grid 26, GG.
Five minutes later, it comes back up.
What else?
What do you mean, "what else"?
What happened to your accent?
You're not Alexis.
He's moving!
Station 2, what do you see?
I got him.
I can take him.
No. He's not a threat. I can get him.
All teams, hold your fire.
He's going over the east bridge.
Cover the exits.
I'll slow him down for you.
Don't shoot!
I'm going to put him down.
I repeat, do not shoot.
Nobody shoot!
Relax, Jack.
I'll just wing him.
Do not shoot!
Teddy, stand down!
No!
Stay back!
Get me a medic down here now!
Hanlin, you son of a bitch,
I said, don't shoot!
Take care of this.
Stay back!
Suspect's down.
I repeat, suspect is down.
We need EMTs at the east end of the plaza.
This is your house.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org